c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\bin\Debug\PersonalScheduler.exe.config
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\bin\Debug\PersonalScheduler.exe
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\bin\Debug\PersonalScheduler.pdb
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\bin\Debug\PersonalScheduler.xml
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\obj\Debug\PersonalScheduler.Form1.resources
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\obj\Debug\PersonalScheduler.Resources.resources
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\obj\Debug\PersonalScheduler.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\obj\Debug\PersonalScheduler.exe
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\obj\Debug\PersonalScheduler.xml
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\obj\Debug\PersonalScheduler.pdb
c:\users\lloyd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\obj\Debug\PersonalScheduler.AppointsmentsControl.resources
C:\Users\lloyd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\obj\Debug\PersonalScheduler.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lloyd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\lloyd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
C:\Users\lloyd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\lloyd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\obj\Debug\PersonalScheduler.EmailForm.resources
C:\Users\lloyd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\bin\Debug\PersonalScheduler.exe.manifest
C:\Users\lloyd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\bin\Debug\PersonalScheduler.application
C:\Users\lloyd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\obj\Debug\PersonalScheduler.exe.manifest
C:\Users\lloyd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PersonalScheduler\PersonalScheduler\obj\Debug\PersonalScheduler.application
